this is either going to be like the
greatest discovery of all time or the
biggest waste of money and I don't know
which have a Hall from shop miss a this
is like a giant giant Hall every so
often like to do like a cheap hall like
drugstore haul elf halls something like
that and I looked on elfs website and
there wasn't really anything new that I
was like yes I didn't have that in my
life or that something I really want to
try I'm just kinda like hmm I don't know
and I wasn't even originally planning on
filming today I work today and so that's
why my hair's kind of a hot mess and I
have four eyelashes on this eye cuz my
mascara was having issues while I was
working my package from top mistake came
and I was like I need to do in a boxing
and I need to do today this is happening
I'm so excited so when I was going
through some of the comments from my
giveaway I asked people what their
favorite things were what kind of videos
they liked and on the page that I was on
someone said that they loved drugstore
hauls she paused and I did see a comment
on there saying shop miss a I was like
you know I saw some hauls when they
first came out and to me the jewelry
just looked kind of cheap and there
wasn't that much makeup on I remember
looking at the website being like in
there wasn't really anything I was
interested in I know a lot of people
were sponsored by them and they first
kind of came out and so everyone was
posting these shop miss a hauls and so
more people obviously started buying
from them because it was like a new
website or new to YouTube anyways I went
on the website just like think he go so
I'm kind of said they like those Falls I
wonder what what's on the website oh my
gosh there was like 50 pages of makeup
there was like so many other things
there were said lastest scars and I was
like mind blown I'm like okay this is
either going to be like the greatest
discovery of all time or the biggest
waste of money and I don't know which
but I figured I would just give it a try
see what it is and I'll let you guys
know what it's all about so today I'm
going to do in a box thing I'm gonna
unbox there
thing show you what products I got and
then what I want you guys to do is let
me know what products you guys want to
see in action that's why I want to show
you what I have first and then I'm gonna
do like a first impressions where I use
the stuff that I got and be like what
does it do how does it perform and I'll
do like a check-in type thing where I
like show you how well the makeups
holding up I mean for a dollar it's just
like what what is this gonna be a hot
mess is it gonna be amazing
I don't know so I'm really excited about
this I have not opened this this is like
still sealed and I'm like okay I got my
scissors we're ready to go so this is
what the box looks like when you open it
up it has a little thing that says miss
a hashtag just have fun oh my goodness
guys this is all the stuff that I
ordered
I'm mad at control I hope somebody I
don't even know take a little tissue
paper on top with a little sticker logo
on it and then a bubble wrap oh my just
just for a second so first thing on top
is some sunglasses now I will mention
there were some amazing things on there
that were sold out it has like Beauty
Blender tubes and I had like the actual
like same look inside the Beauty Blender
dupes they had tons of sunglasses tons
of like liquid lipsticks that were sold
out so that was kind of sad there was a
lot of cool things fell out but I do
think I still found quite a few cooking
I didn't know these had like pattern on
the side that's a little different
that's okay though I mean how do you
pick up some glasses online oh my gosh
guys I I'm freaking out okay so let's
see what's in this little goodie jar
okay so here we have some glitters these
are eye shadows from princesa and these
are pearl powders so they have these
little cute jars and they are safety
psyllid thank you oh my gosh this is a
gorgeous this is like a loose glitter
I'm a little frightened to use this by
my eye but yeah this is straight-up
glitter yeah it's just
loose glitter it's really really pretty
oh my gosh that would be amazing if I
could use this and not blind myself I
think that would be so cool I definitely
need to get some glitter glue and I
don't have any so before I can do a
tutorial I might have to get some better
glue this one is in the color M g12 and
this is says eyeshadow powder but it is
straight-up glitter this is eye shadow
12 powder Wow oh my gosh this is really
taking a tip like oh my gosh this is
like it reminds me of the L'Oreal
infallible 's look at that shine that's
kind of amazing for a dollar
okay next in this little bag is a
lipstick this is so cute this is also
from princesa and it has polka dots and
this is in the color 17 berry berry and
it says creamy matte ooh that looks
beautiful it's a little tiny bit Tuggy
but not bad look at that pigmentation oh
my gosh they like has like a purple like
duochrome almost to it next this is also
from Princesa this is an eyeshadow brush
that's what it looks like right there
just a basic kind of you know could lay
down color or kind of blend out your
crease you know it feels just decent
okay this is from govt and this is the
eye shadow palette so here's what that
looks like okay let's watch some of
these I'd say subpar you know like they
swaps like they have pigment to them but
I'm not like wow blown away like I
probably would order that again but you
know maybe building it up on the I could
get some pigment out of it this is a
amuse matte lipstick and this is in the
color lavender love oh my gosh look at
that color this packaging is cute pink
poke up like these are things that I'm
just like so cute you could put out on
your vanity
okay let's swatch e this this one
it isn't definitely not as pigmented as
the other I'm happening to like really
rub this on to get
color and it's right there
so I mean you definitely could work with
it to get some pigmentation let's see
what's in this little package thank you
say how nice everything is like wrapped
up super nice okay this is a little
palette from LA Colors which was a brand
that I heard it before so there's what
that looks like
are you these are all shimmer oh yeah
this is definitely more pigmented than
the last one this is yes yeah I can um I
can get into this so for a dollar yeah
I'm feeling those those are three
swatches there that one especially that
plummy color I'm like okay I got in this
headband oh man I thought this was one
of those head bends I'm actually tied I
hate headbands like this because they
hurt like my ears are really sensitive
and so headbands like this actually hurt
my head so I thought it was like a
little like scarf etai and it's not but
it's still cute should I wear it those
this next little goodie is from clean
color this is a wet-dry big shadow and
it says American icon this is in the
color Oh khaki huh found it so there's
that it kind of has a little dry feeling
you know cuz it's a a big shadow but
look at that that's not even wet that's
I mean all you know give it a little
swirl here and then just for a dollar
man that is that's nice and that's a
good size like that's like a a full-size
eyeshadow I think I got another one of
these I think I got in a pink shade is
in the color floral pink that almost
could be an amazing blush I work so much
blush though I don't need any of these
to be blushes oh that's pretty
I would be interested to see what they
look like what I don't have any like
misting spray over here alright we're
try it out but look at that pain that is
like wow that I'm I would definitely get
more of these singles I think that was a
good dollar will spoon okay
we got some another little bundles I
tried to get everything I would need to
do like a full face of makeup so it's
coming
this is Santi face primer magic
perfecting oil-free foundation primer
alkalosis cruelty free to who it's like
clear and like just liquidy it just
feels like totally clear it's not like a
mousse II like um or silicone II it
actually just feels not even like a gel
it just like goes right in and it feels
like nothing okay baby got volume this
is clean color again this is their
mascara let's check out this wand oh wow
oh that is a big fatty brush on my small
hooded eyes oh that's gonna be
interesting
okay another amuse of matte lipstick
this is in Roseto ooh
that's pretty it's a nice pink I hope
this one's a little more pigmented than
the last one yeah this one you can build
it up it's a nice babydoll pink right
there pinky that's pretty it's not like
a one Swiper but you can you can get
some color out of it this is matte
liquid lipstick by San teeth holy crap
that's a bright color this is also
cruelty free this is in color 0-3 okay
don't fit a placate err oh my gosh that
looks really bright oh my gosh that is
Oh kind of smells fruity okay this one
is in 0-6 so they don't really have
names but ooh that is pretty oh my gosh
I love that dark berry that's a purple
floor that's a perfect fall color or
just like a night out ooh wow that one's
really bright I mean it's so hard to
tell him when I'm laughing this is a
number one oh wow that definitely is a
me color though like I could definitely
I can make that work so all the
foundations were basically sold out that
were in lighter shades so this was the
only like fine this is a Santi aqua
stylish silky Milk foundation SP of 20
free number one I just got
the lightest shade let's hope this
somewhat matches me so I can kind of
hopefully make this something oh that's
actually thicker than I thought would be
it actually feels more like like a BB
cream CC cream like I definitely think I
can make that work if that looks like
that on my arm I think on my face it'll
be good
that actually is not bad okay this is a
muse eyeliner waterproof and I believe
this is just in black but okay cute
right yeah
okay this is clean color this is a
retractable eyebrow pencil this is the
lightest color they had it's in brown oh
it's like skinny though you know if I do
light strokes I think I could make it
work oh I have some more these princesa
lipstick see I'm excited this is in
coral bliss oh my gosh that is gorgeous
oh I love this packaging and this is a
number 18 bombshell
okay this is another creamy matte this
one has a little shimmer in it I'm
surprised I didn't know this was gonna
be shimmery it's not like a huge shimmer
but it does have some shimmer in there
okay this is beauty face by Santee
mineral loose powder has a little powder
puff ooh that looks kind of dark
actually it's not as bad as I thought it
was gonna be let's give it a little
shake arou there's the foundation it's a
lot more yellow but I think if I use a
light hand they probably can make that
work next I got some eyelash adhesive
this is in dark and they just came with
two little ones this is from the Kayla
can't calibrate and to go with that I
got these eyelashes Baqarah eyelashes
and number four one five and they're
slightly flared and they look freaking
long so I'm gonna have babydoll eyes
okay another brush this is from clean
collide they had some amazing looking
brushes they were all sold out they were
like big thick like duo fibers and like
foundation brushes and all of them were
sold out so check if you need some so
this actually looks like a decent block
brush it's just a nice little chain or
brush nothing too fancy alrighty so I
got some face
smash so first I got the age-defying
collagen Facemash sheet so this is one
sheet this is also from the Cala
products and it's supposed to have
vitamin E rich collagen restore
elasticity revitalize skin in 15 minutes
this one is the cucumber face mask this
is my cream shop and this one is the
papaya creamy mask this is purifying
dead sea mud mask deep clean so I will
do one of these on camera before I do my
makeup so tell me which one you want to
see me try and I'll try one about I mean
mask can be expensive like four or five
bucks for once feels like a dollar so
this is clean color miss chick
universally flattering flush blush and
this is in the color lava and it has
cute little packaging it reminds me of
the EOS oh that's that's right wow that
is very bright this actually reminds me
of the color one of those colors that in
the elf palette but I think that could
be very pretty this would be really
gorgeous on the deep skin if you have
deep skin girl mm-hmm but I think if I
share this out I could make it work
alright so another one of these miss ms
chick colors this is in rose that one's
definitely a lot more pink but pretty
very pretty I do I do like that this is
in the color petal kind of so much then
the last one but it's kind of these two
mixed together like not quite as peachy
is this one not kind of pink is that one
but pretty very pretty this is actually
a highlighter this is from rich on
cosmetics it reminded me of those happy
boosters from Physicians Formula which
are like nine bucks it's got the little
heart so you know that's kind of what
it's trying to mimic and let's see ooh
that's really pretty oh that is pretty
it's a very pretty pinky highlight that
can be very fun okay oh this is actually
soft wow this is the wonder blender High
Definition sponge latex this is actually
soft like softer than I thought it would
because I got the elf one once and it
was hard as a rock
and I actually really like the shape of
funder so I would be interesting to see
how this acts want to get it wet if it
puffs up quite a bit already this is the
smooth definition press powder and fair
this is Malibu glitz when things come in
this doesn't it just remind you of
makeup you would have gotten like when
you were like seven years old playing
play makeup let's got this pretty flower
on it let's swatch it this might be a
better color for me than the other
powder yeah this one will be good this
one won't be too dark hey guys I just
want to pause for a second to say I got
these gorgeous rose blushes that look
like the Milani ones I got three colors
in total but I didn't realize my camera
stopped filming so anyway here's a peek
at what they look like and then I will
just show you what I have sorry the
swatches aren't super great but they are
beautiful nonetheless this one looks
really pretty this is in the color mob
this looks like a little lighter pink
than some of these oh yeah that's pretty
that's pretty that's like a nice like
everyday color very wearable yeah a
little sheen but no shimmer really or
glitter in that okay the next one is oh
I didn't even really thought was the
name it's called amber star this one
looks more matte blush everywhere I'm
going to have to that to me looks just a
nice pink yeah that's like kind of a
babydoll pink the little color will so
you've got a white here and these will
be interesting that's pretty light and
then you've got little darker that one's
kind of more medium and this one's a
little peachy you could probably use it
under your eyes we'll see how that goes
I feel like this packaging is going to
family though alright we are almost to
the end guys I know this has been kind
of ridiculous and this is the clean
color tan rawr matte bronzer it's not
super pigmented it's like it's a good
neutral tone mom I don't think it looks
orange EE which is good yeah I
definitely think that could work since
it's not super pigmented I think I can
get away with that on
my skin without it looking too dark
cardi another blush because why not this
was also one of those that I was like oh
but it's so beautiful oh that is pretty
it has like a little flower design right
there ooh this one's silky oh this
almost reminds me of like nerd orgasm
this is that's a very pigmented oh yeah
that is pretty oh it's just probably my
favorite one out of all of them yes that
is super pretty almost has like a purple
undertone that is really pretty I really
like this one of course it's the one I
got one in and then the other ones I got
like five thousand so this is from the
floor and same color and this is the
area Neuros loose powder eyeshadow oh it
has like a flip lid so I only got one of
these and this is in the color
once upon a time it's a pretty like
matte peach color so for those of you
who are wanting like the peach palette
ish where can I put this I am running
out of room I'm hoping can get like that
pretty peachy pink color but just in the
matte yeah that's really pretty that
would be nice to do you can see it that
would be really nice to do just kind of
like a light crease with the peach and
then do some shimmer on the lid this is
an auto lip liner from LA Colors and the
color mob oh wow that's a very precise
let's see right here yeah it's very
precise well you know that could be
pretty that could be a good color yeah
and it's an auto liner which is great
yeah well complain about that okay the
last makeup item is this clean color
palette this is huge for a dollar I'm
just like what on their website though
it says like oh we don't advertise and I
mean they do YouTube but no they're not
like in the magazines and stuff
pink for print so I guess they can
charge less prices I don't really know
I'm sure the quality of the products and
like that ingredients aren't gonna be
your highs class but the top of the
packaging is actually really pretty I
mean that's nice you need to get someone
a gift like get emit this power
being good like a pallid Beautyblender
in a blush you know like I spent $3
that's crazy
so the palette I got was a little more
colorful because I just thought why not
and it has like a little butterfly
imprinted on here a little dragonfly
let's see how this swatches hmm okay hmm
not really great okay a little better
there a little better
let's see this blue the pans are small
OOP that that's yeah that will do it for
me it's pink
mmm let's try this thing Brown sparkly
shade yeah okay so the lighter colors
seem to be a little more missed but the
other colors seem to be pretty good
let's do this pink
now that's pigmented so overall I think
you can make that definitely work for
dollar and the lust or the skirt I kind
of don't touch it so I'm going to get it
filthy cute prank with the pink flowers
and the gray maybe I'll wear it in the
video but yeah it's white so I'm not
getting it out cuz my hands are soo
alrighty did you get a gold star if you
watch this entire video because it was
freaking long but I got a lot of amazing
things I'm super excited I don't think
this is gonna be a bus I think I might
find some things that actually really
like and for you guys hopefully this is
helpful to know maybe what to not get
many things to try I mean for a buck and
if you spend about $30 which obviously I
did you can hit free shipping so I'm
like you know if shipping is free it's
basically free be right justify yes tell
me what you guys want to see I want to
do full face of turtle primer foundation
bronzer like blush I have so many how
man we're going to choose highlighter I
want to do it all and then I'll use some
of the eyeshadows I'm probably trying to
like use a little bit of everything just
trying to make them a fun look and show
you guys how this stuff works in action
I hope you guys enjoyed this video if
you guys are new to my channel make sure
you hit the button down below and you
subscribe I would love
to have you join me here on my channel
and I think that's everything I will see
you guys later
bye hey guys it's amber so today we are
going to be doing eight dupes comparison
video so it is no secret that when Urban
Decay brought out the making one palette
it kind of broke the internet it was
like the first like nude palette of this
kind that just kind of like shook
everything up and since then companies
high-end and low-end have been trying to
recreate that same magic